Three heads and six arms are
By the way, have all the murderers in my Chen family arrived?
12 passers-by and horses totaling 23,000 people
There are also underground forces in 38 cities in the surrounding 5 provinces
There is also a pair of Chen family forces outside the world
We raised 10 billion dollars.
Are used for the cost of this operation
Then tell those
Be a Chen family and reward 10 million each
Kill Ouyang plus one person and reward 50 million yes
The latest play of the gas shop owner
The head of the Chen family has arrived in Nancheng
Our people are watching him 24 hours a day
How many are there?
The brothers have infiltrated the surrounding cities of Nancheng
It is estimated that there are more than 20,000 people
Less than 20,000 five
How many of us?
Report to the owner
There are 55,000 people in the Emperor's Palace
As long as you give an order
His Highness Thor can have them assembled immediately
Hard to reach 55,000
Owner, if you think it's too little, you can drop it again.
His Highness Thor said
You can drop 100,000 again in three days
There's too many people!
I'm afraid Nancheng can't hold it
We're not kids fighting to see who's more
That's just the owner
We are on the mainland
It's the first time I've taken on this considerate family
Since you already plan to live permanently
This first battle is going to generate some momentum
momentum
I'm afraid Chen Tianliang will pee his pants and escape from Nancheng overnight